Add documentation for online volume expansion (#826)
harvester/docs: docs/advanced/settings.md

}
```

### `csi-online-expand-validation`

**Versions**: v1.6.0 and later

> **Definition**: Controls support for online volume expansion with third-party CSI drivers.
> 
> - By default, Longhorn supports online volume expansion, and this setting cannot be changed for Longhorn.
>   - The Harvester webhook manages differences between Longhorn v1 and v2 engines.
>   - Longhorn v1 fully supports volume expansion.
>   - Longhorn v2 does not support volume expansion, regardless of the volume's attachment state.
> - For third-party storage providers, you can specify whether their CSI driver supports online volume expansion:
>   - By default, Harvester denies online expansion requests for third-party storage.
>   - To allow online expansion, explicitly mark the storage provider as validated in this setting.
> 
> **Default value**:
> 
> ```
> {"driver.longhorn.io":true}
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Definition**: Setting that allows you to mark storage providers with confirmed support for online volume expansion as validated.

Depending on the underlying storage provider, you may need to take extra steps to use the online volume expansion feature.

- **Longhorn**: Harvester considers Longhorn to have support for online volume expansion, even if differences exist between versions of the Longhorn Data Engine. Currently, the V1 Data Engine fully supports online volume expansion, while the V2 Data Engine does not support volume expansion at all (regardless of the volume's attachment state). The Harvester webhook manages the differences between these versions.

- **Third-party storage**: Harvester rejects online volume expansion requests for third-party storage by default. If you have confirmed that your storage provider supports online volume expansion, you can use this setting to mark that storage provider as validated and force Harvester to allow associated online expansion requests.

**Default value**: `{"driver.longhorn.io":true}`
```
